Crown Service Request Application
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Crown. This Privacy Policy outlines the practices employed by Crown to explain how we collect, transfer, use, disclose and store your information. Please review this policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use our Crown Service Request Application. Please e-mail the Crown Privacy Office at privacyoffice@crown.com if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
A.	Collection of Information
In general, you can download the Crown Service Request Application and use the “My Dealer” feature anonymously, without providing any personal information. The Crown Service Request Application collects certain non-personal data such as IP addresses. This data is used only to measure and improve our application performance, not to personally identify users. We may also collect additional non-personal information such as location and language to help us improve the application.
If you use the “Service Request” or “Contact Us” feature, Crown will ask for personal information such as your name and address so that we can respond to your request. If you provide Crown with personal information in one of these circumstances, we will transmit that information to the appropriate individual(s) on our staff who will assist you accordingly.
Crown does not knowingly collect personal information from children. If Crown learns that personal information of an individual under 13 has been collected, Crown will take the necessary steps to delete the information.






B.	Transfer of Information
Information you provide is transferred to Crown Equipment Corporation (“Crown”) in the United States.  Crown takes reasonable measures to protect your information.  However, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure. Data transmission is at your own risk. Crown endeavors to protect the transfer of your information but cannot guarantee against, and will not be liable for, disclosure due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
C.	Use of Information
Crown may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. Personal information provided by you will only be used by Crown to respond to your request and to assist us in developing, improving and delivering our products, services and the Service Request Application. Crown may also use your information internally for data analysis and research.  If you opt-in, Crown may use your personal information to send you information about Crown’s products and services. Crown does not sell your personal information to any third parties.
D.	Disclosure of Information
In general, information provided by you will be used only by Crown Equipment Corporation. Personal information collected through the Service Request Application is limited to Crown employees to fulfill your request and the duties of their jobs. Depending on the nature of your request and your location, Crown may need to share your personal information with third parties, such as affiliates and members of its authorized dealer network to assist in serving your needs and requests.  If you opt-in, Crown will share your personal information with such third parties only on the condition that the third parties maintain the information as confidential and use the information only to perform the services specified by Crown.  If you choose not to allow Crown to transfer your personal information to third parties, Crown may will not be able to process your request.  Crown may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, if Crown believes in good faith such disclosure is required, or in urgent circumstances if Crown believes disclosure is necessary. Except as set forth above, Crown will not sell or share your personal information with third parties.
E.	Storage of Information
Crown will store information you provide for the time necessary to respond to your request or otherwise in compliance with Crown's retention policies. Crown takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse through administrative, technical and physical measures. You may update or request that your information be removed at any time by emailing the Crown Privacy Office at privacyoffice@crown.com or by sending a letter to: Attn: Privacy Office, Crown Equipment Corporation, 44 South Washington St., New Bremen, OH 45869.
Additionally, the Service Request Application is capable of storing your personal information so that it is not necessary to input this information in the future.  You may save your profile by checking the “Save Profile Information” box when using the “Request Service” or “Contact Us” features.  You can also create a profile using the profile icon.  The personal information stored on the application is not encrypted.
F.	Links to Other Sites
The Service Request Application may contain links to other sites, such as Crown dealers and affiliates. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such other sites. Crown is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other sites. Please review the privacy policies of any sites you visit.
G.	Consent
By using the Service Request Application, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Crown.
H.	Updates
Crown may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If the policy is changed in a material way, you will receive a notice the next time you open the Service Request Application and the updated Privacy Policy will be available via the link on the Service Request Application Home Page.
Last Updated February 17, 2019.
